=head1 ExtraDashboards

A modification of the OTRS dashboard to add additional dashboards.

=head2 Description

If you have stats enabled for the dashboard and maybe additional dashboard widgets that come
with addons like L<TicketChecklist|https://feature-addons.de/otrs/Ticket/TicketChecklist> or
L<GenericDashboardStats|https://opar.perl-services.de/dist/GenericDashboardStats>, you might
want to group the widgets on different dashboards. That is what this addon is for.

=head2 Configure new dashboards

After you've installed this addon, adding new dashboards is quite easy: Go the the
system configuration and search for I<Frontend::Navigation###AgentDashboard###003-ExtraDashboards>.
Edit that config setting and add a new entry. To add the entry, you have to click the "+"-Button
in the setting. That should add new fields for "Block", "Description", "Link", "Name", "NavBar"
and "Prio". These are the fields, you should fill.

=over 4

=item * Block

Block is I<ItemArea>

=item * Description

The description is shown when you hover over the navigation item. This should something that
describes the purpose of the dashboard in one short sentence

=item * Link

This is the most important part of the settings for the new dashboard. It has to start with
I<Action=AgentDashboard;Dashboard=>. Then give the dashboard a unique key like "Monitoring".
Then the link should be I<Action=AgentDashboard;Dashboard=Monitoring>.

The key has to be unique, so OTRS can know which widgets should be shown on which dashboard.

=item * Name

This text is shown in the navigation bar.

=item * NavBar

This defines where the navigation item is shown. If you want it to be in the submenu of
"Dashboard", then use "Dashboard". If you want to show the item in the first level of the
navigation bar, you have to use an unused key. But then you have to use I<Menu> in the 
Type field.

=item * Prio

The priority defines the order of navigation items.

=back
